docs: instruments defaults depend on default_requirement_level (#6239)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/instruments.mdx

  * `http.client.request.duration` - A histogram of request durations for requests handled by subgraphs.
  * `http.client.response.body.size` - A histogram of response body sizes for requests handled by subgraphs.

> <Note>
> Whether or not these instruments are enabled or disabled by default depends on [the `default_requirement_level`](#default_requirement_level) setting.  If you desire configuration which deviates from the behavior achieved by setting `default_requirement_level` to either `reecommended` or `required`, configure these instruments explicitly.
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

The [`default_requirement_level` setting](#default_requirement_level) configures whether or not these instruments are enabled by default. Out of the box, its default value of `required` enables them. You must explicitly configure an instrument for different behavior. 

</Note>
```
